Partitioned columns can be omitted in insert from subquery. (#9448)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/unreleased.rst

Fixes
=====

> - Fixed an issue in the insert from subquery statement that would prevent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that caused a ``INSERT INTO ... (SELECT ... FROM ..)`` statement to fail if not all columns of a ``PARTITIONED BY`` clause appeared in the target list of the ``INSERT INTO`` statement.
```
